Fix link (fixes #8078) (#8081)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/grid-template-rows/index.md

- `none`
  - : Is a keyword meaning that there is no explicit grid. Any rows will be implicitly generated and their size will be determined by the {{cssxref("grid-auto-rows")}} property.
- `[linename]`

>   - : A [`<custom-ident>`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/custom-ident) specifying a name for the line in that location. The ident may be any valid string other then the reserved words `span` and `auto`. Lines may have multiple names separated by a space inside the square brackets, for example `[line-name-a line-name-b]`.

Reviewer: Use this macro instead `{{CSSxRef("&lt;custom-ident&gt;")}}`, it may benefit in future.

>   - : A [`<custom-ident>`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/custom-ident) specifying a name for the line in that location. The ident may be any valid string other then the reserved words `span` and `auto`. Lines may have multiple names separated by a space inside the square brackets, for example `[line-name-a line-name-b]`.

Reviewer: Use this macro instead {{CSSxRef("&lt;custom-ident&gt;")}}, it may benefit in future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A {{CSSxRef("<custom-ident>")}} specifying a name for the line in that location. The ident may be any valid string other then the reserved words `span` and `auto`. Lines may have multiple names separated by a space inside the square brackets, for example `[line-name-a line-name-b]`.
```

Author: I'm not familiar with the CSS macros, thanks

Reviewer 2: @jxu You can find out about this macro (and all macros) in https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Structures/Macros/Commonly-used_macros#linking_to_pages_in_references

The benefit of a macro like this is that it does not need to be translated - the system works out what path to use in the URL.  Also it is more compact. The downside is that it isn't proper markdown.

Personally I prefer the macros because they are simpler to use. But it is up to you.

I'm going to merge this, but something to be aware of for next time.

Reviewer 2: P.S. Thanks @AnilSeervi For taking the time to review and suggest.
